r01-resist-infect	r01-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r01	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r01-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r01-resist-noninf	r01-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r01	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r01-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r02-resist-infect	r02-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r02	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r02-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r02-resist-noninf	r02-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r02	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r02-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r03-resist-infect	r03-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r03	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r03-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r03-resist-noninf	r03-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r03	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r03-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r04-resist-infect	r04-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r04	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r04-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r04-resist-noninf	r04-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r04	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r04-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r05-resist-infect	r05-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r05	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r05-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r05-resist-noninf	r05-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r05	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r05-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r06-resist-infect	r06-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r06	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r06-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r06-resist-noninf	r06-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r06	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r06-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r07-resist-infect	r07-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r07	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r07-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r07-resist-noninf	r07-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r07	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r07-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r08-resist-infect	r08-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r08	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r08-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r08-resist-noninf	r08-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r08	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r08-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r09-resist-infect	r09-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r09	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r09-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r09-resist-noninf	r09-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r09	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r09-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r10-resist-infect	r10-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r10	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r10-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r10-resist-noninf	r10-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r10	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r10-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r11-resist-infect	r11-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r11	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r11-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r11-resist-noninf	r11-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r11	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r11-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r12-resist-infect	r12-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r12	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r12-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r12-resist-noninf	r12-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r12	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r12-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r13-resist-infect	r13-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r13	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r13-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r13-resist-noninf	r13-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r13	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r13-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r14-resist-infect	r14-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r14	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r14-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r14-resist-noninf	r14-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r14	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r14-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r15-resist-infect	r15-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r15	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r15-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r15-resist-noninf	r15-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r15	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r15-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r16-resist-infect	r16-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r16	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r16-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r16-resist-noninf	r16-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r16	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r16-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r17-resist-infect	r17-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r17	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r17-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r17-resist-noninf	r17-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r17	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r17-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r18-resist-infect	r18-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r18	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r18-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r18-resist-noninf	r18-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r18	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r18-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
r19-resist-infect	r19-resist-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r19	resistant	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r19-resist-infect.fastq.gz
r19-resist-noninf	r19-resist-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	r19	resistant	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	r19-resist-noninf.fastq.gz
s01-suscep-infect	s01-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s01	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s01-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s01-suscep-noninf	s01-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s01	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s01-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
s02-suscep-infect	s02-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s02	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s02-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s02-suscep-noninf	s02-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s02	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s02-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
s03-suscep-infect	s03-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s03	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s03-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s03-suscep-noninf	s03-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s03	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s03-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
s04-suscep-infect	s04-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s04	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s04-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s04-suscep-noninf	s04-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s04	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s04-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
s05-suscep-infect	s05-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s05	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s05-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s05-suscep-noninf	s05-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s05	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s05-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
s06-suscep-infect	s06-suscep-infect	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s06	susceptible	infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s06-suscep-infect.fastq.gz
s06-suscep-noninf	s06-suscep-noninf	monocyte-derived dendritic cells	Homo sapiens	s06	susceptible	non-infected	polyA RNA		Supplementary_Data_S1.tds	Supplementary_Data_S2.tds	s06-suscep-noninf.fastq.gz
